add documentation about disallowing optional quantiles (#220)
hubverse-org/hubDocs: docs/source/user-guide/tasks.md

[^tidy]: This type of data is also known as "tidy data," a term coined by Hadley Wickham that's heavily used in the R community. You can read more about the concept in the [Data tidying chapter of the R4DS book](https://r4ds.hadley.nz/data-tidy#sec-tidy-data) and the [Tidy Data paper by Wickham (2014)](https://www.jstatsoft.org/article/view/v059i10).

In the `tasks.json` file, task ID variables are a collection of JSON objects
that define required and optional values for these variables. In the example below from [the COVID-19 variant nowcast hub](https://github.com/reichlab/variant-nowcast-hub/blob/main/hub-config/tasks.json), there are four task ID variables defined: `"nowcast_date"`, `"target_date"`, `"location"`, and `"clade"`. 

```json
"task_ids": {
    "nowcast_date": {

>         "required": [
>             "2024-09-11"
>         ],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "required": ["2024-09-11"],
```
Very minor update, just to keep the same style

    },
    "location": {
        "required": null,
        "optional": ["AL", "AK", "AZ", "AR", "CA", "CO", "CT", "DE", "DC", "FL", "GA", "HI", "ID", "IL", "IN", "IA", "KS", "KY", "LA", "ME", "MD", "MA", "MI", "MN", "MS", "MO", "MT", "NE", "NV", "NH", "NJ", "NM", "NY", "NC", "ND", "OH", "OK", "OR", "PA", "RI", "SC", "SD", "TN", "TX", "UT", "VT", "VA", "WA", "WV", "WI", "WY", "PR"]
    },
    "clade": {
        "required": ["24A", "24B", "24C", "recombinant", "other"],
        "optional": null
    }
}
```

In this particular round, modelers MUST submit predictions with the
`"nowcast_date"` of 2024-09-11 with all of the `"clade"`s (24A, 24B, 24C,
recombinant, and other). Any submissions that contain anything other than those
exact values will result in an error. In contrast, modellers MAY submit
predictions for ANY of the `"target_date"`s between 2024-08-11 and 2024-09-21

> and ANY of the states listed in `"location"`. By allowing modelers to submit a
> subset of optional values, it means poor-performing models can be omitted so
> they do not negatively influence model ensembles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ANY of the states listed in `"location"`. By allowing modelers to submit a
subset of optional values, it means poor-performing models can be omitted so
they do not negatively influence model ensembles. It also allows models that 
have only have the capacity for a subset of the optional options can still
participate. 
```
I add a sentence for why we also have optional values in SMH (to allow team to only subset some states for example, if they don't have the capacity to run national). I will ask someone from SMH to validate.

Author: Thank you!

Author: Hi @LucieContamin, have you confirmed that this is accurate?

Reviewer: Yes sorry that is correct

(output-types)=
## Output types

The `output_type` object defines accepted model output representations for each task. These define what kind of model output is expected, what range of values

> we expect, if multiple values are expected, what identifies that value, and
> whether or not the output type is required for submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we expect, if multiple values are expected, what identifies those values, and
whether or not if each output type is required for submission.
```
Not sure it's correct (English is not my first language!), but I update a bit the phrase, feel free to ignore. 

I am not sure I understand what "multiple values" means here, we always have multiple value, no?

Author: Good catch! English _is_ my first language and my draft was definitely wrong 🙈

Hopefully this fixes it: 

```suggestion
we expect, if multiple values are expected, what identifies those values (e.g. a bin, category, or ID), and
whether or not the output type is required for submission.
```

> I am not sure I understand what "multiple values" means here, we always have multiple value, no?

point estimates will only have a single value per task ID.

Reviewer: Ah I see, thank you. I was not reading it like this. It makes more sense now. thanks again fro the clarification

To illustrate how output types are represented in `tasks.json`, here is an
example of a quantile output type:

```{code-block} json
:lineno-start: 1
:force: true
:lineno-start: 1
"quantile": {
    "output_type_id": {
        "required": [
            0.01,
            0.5,
            0.99,
        ]
    },
    "value": {
        "type": "integer",
        "minimum": 0
    },
    "is_required": true
}
```

From the code block above, you can see that an output type has four components:

1. (line 1) `"quantile"`{.codeitem} the name of the output type representation

>    (e.g. `"mean"`, `"quantile"`, `"pmf"`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (e.g. "cdf"`, `"mean"`, "median"`, `"quantile"`, `"pmf"`, `"sample"`) 
```

>    (e.g. "cdf"`, `"mean"`, "median"`, `"quantile"`, `"pmf"`, `"sample"`) 

Author: 🙈 mea culpa. I should have caught those

2. (line 2) `"output_type_id"`{.codeitem} In the case of quantiles, the output

>    type ID is an indcation of the quantile bins. **Unlike task IDs, all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   type ID is an indication of the quantile bins. **Unlike task IDs, all
```
